 An Online bookshop sells different things. Currently it has books, magazines and CDs.
 All these products have some common types of information such as price, title etc.. Also
 each product may have specific information such as author, number of pages, artists, type
 etc.. ) .

 The registered customers can place orders for products. The ordered products are usually
 delivered together, but sometimes several shipments are needed when the store runs out
 of products for a while. An order may contain several products.
 
 The products are delivered to personal customers and payments are done at the delivery.
 The business customers will get their orders directly, and they will be sent an invoice
 afterwards. Both customer types can make the payment also by using credit card. When
 registering, a customer is prompted to give contact and personal information needed for
 authentication, delivery of orders and invoicing.

 The bookshop system must be able to add and remove a customer, add new product and
 view/update existing product, make or remove an order and view existing order, view
 and generate reports on the products.


Do the Noun Verb analysis to identify the classes in the description.

(a) Identify all the Nouns which can be potential classes

	1. Online book shop
	2. Books
	3. Magazines
	4. CDs
	5. Products
	6. Price
	7. Title
	8. Author
	9. Number of pages
	10.Artists
	11.Type
	12.Customers
	13.Orders
	14.Shipments
	15.Store
	16.Personal customers
	17.Business customers
	18.Invoice
	19.Payment
	20.Credit card
	21.Contact information
	22.Personal information
	23.Authentication
	24.Invoicing
	25.Reports
	26.Delivery

(b) Identify the set of potential classes, show clearly how the nouns were rejected using
 the five rules.

	The five rules for rejecting nouns:

	1)Redundant nouns- Nouns that refer to the same concept.
	2)An event or an operation
	3)Outside scope of the system
	4)Meta language- Meta language is words or symbols for talking about language itself.
	5)An attribute- Nouns that describe properties of other nouns

	Applying the rules to the nouns:

	
	1. Online book shop
		Outside scope of the system because this is the system itself.
	
	
	2. Books 3. Magazines 4. CDs
		These three are specific types of products. According to the attributes rule these are not classes.
	
	5. Products
		This is a general term for items sold. Product is a class.

	
	6. Price 7. Title 8. Author 9. Number of pages 10.Artists 11.Type
		These are attributes of products. Because of that these are rejected.

	12.Customers
		Represents the users of the system. Customer is a class.

	13.Orders
		order is a class.
	
	14.Shipments
		This represents the delivery process. It's a class.
	
	15.Store
		This is a attribute of the system.

	16.Personal customers 17.Business customers
		These are types of customers. Because of that these are not classes.(Redundant)
	
	18.Invoice
		This represents a billing document. It is a class.

	19.Payment
		This represents a transaction. It's a class.

	20.Credit card
		This is a payment method. Not a class.
	
	
	21.Contact information 22.Personal information
		These are attributes of customers.

	23.Authentication
		This is a process, not a class.

	24.Invoicing
		This is a process, not a class.

	25.Reports
		This represents a summary of data. It's a class.

	26.Delivery
		This is part of the shipment process. Not a class.

Final Set of Potential Classes:

	*Product 
	*Customer 
	*Order
	*Shipment
	*Payment
	*Invoice
	*Report
	
	